# Analog-Clock
I developed this Analog Clock using Html, CSS &amp; JavaScript
It shows the exact time, that is, the clock will show the time according to the time on your device. Like a normal watch, three hands have been used here. To indicate an hour, to indicate a second minute, and a third to indicate a second. The background of this watch is arranged in the form of a Neumorphism design.
A very small amount of HTML programming code has been used. Basically, the following programming codes have been used to make twelve cells, that is, to write numbers from 1 to 12. The CSS code has been used to design the background.I have used a Neumorphism design in the background which has made this analog watch much more beautiful and attractive.
The HTML programming codes are used for numbers from 1 to 12 and to design them. Basically, many clocks use images in the background, so you don't have to write these numbers separately. But I did not use any extra pictures of this design so I had to write each number at a certain distance.
There are basically three types of hands used in this watch. Each indicates a different time. One cut indicates the hour, the other the minute, and the other the second. The CSS codes have been used to design each of the thorns. In this case, I have used a different color for each hand. You can change those colors if you want.
So far we have designed this watch. Now we need to use JavaScript programming code to make this watch work. The first thing I said was that the hands of this kite rotate 360. The following programming code determines how that tour is scheduled. You will see below that the seconds, minutes, and hours are given a specific time for each hand rotation.
